[DOC] Kafka config example (#1751)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/ref-sample-kafka-resource-config.adoc

<8> External listener configuration specifies xref:assembly-kafka-broker-external-listeners-{context}[how the Kafka cluster is exposed outside {ProductPlatformName}, such as through a `route`, `loadbalancer` or `nodeport`].
<9> Authorization xref:ref-kafka-authorization-{context}[enables `simple` authorization on the Kafka broker using the `SimpleAclAuthorizer` Kafka plugin].
<10> Config specifies the broker configuration. xref:ref-kafka-broker-configuration-{context}[Standard Apache Kafka configuration may be provided, restricted to those properties not managed directly by {ProductName}].
<11> Storage is xref:assembly-storage-{context}[configured as `ephemeral`, `persistent-claim` or `jbod`].
<12> Storage size for xref:proc-resizing-persistent-volumes-{context}[persistent volumes may be increased] and additional xref:proc-adding-volumes-to-jbod-storage-{context}[volumes may be added to JBOD storage].
<13> Persistent storage has xref:ref-persistent-storage-{context}[additional configuration options], such as a storage `id` and `class` for dynamic volume provisioning.

> <14> Rack awareness is configured to xref:assembly-kafka-rack-{context}[to spread replicas across different racks]. A `topology` key must match the label of a cluster node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<14> Rack awareness is configured to xref:assembly-kafka-rack-{context}[spread replicas across different racks]. A `topology` key must match the label of a cluster node.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // assembly-kafka-bridge-configuration.adoc

Reviewer 2: The assembly seems to be wrong.

> [id='ref-kafka-bridge-producer-configuration-{context}']

Reviewer 2: The ID seems to be wrong.

= Sample Kafka YAML configuration

> For help in understanding the configuration options available for your Kafka deployment, refer to sample YAML file provided here.

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should clarify that these are:
* Just some of the configuration options
* these options are listed here because we think they are particularly important

We should probably also add a list of the important things and mention that they are also important for Kafka Connect, Mirror Maker etc.

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,attributes"]

> 

Reviewer 2: Why the empty line? We should delete it.

----

> apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: Currently this YAML is too long and causes the reader to scroll up and down to refer between the YAML structure and the callout text. There are a couple of ways we could fix that (which aren't mutually exclusive):

* Split out the kafka,zookeeper and remaining parts
* Elide the full configuration (e.g. commented ellipsis ` # ...` in the metrics) and then give the full configuration of that property in the linked-to documentation.

Author: I tried splitting into sections. I think we lost more than we gained. It became a little incoherent. But I've dropped the metrics definitions, which has shrunk it a lot. When we have the metrics PR merged, I'll add that content 'over there'.

> apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta1

Reviewer 2: Don't we have a variable for the API version?

kind: Kafka
metadata:
  name: my-cluster
spec:
  kafka:
    replicas: 3 <1>
    version: {ProductVersion} <2>
    resources: <3>
      requests: <4>
        memory: 64Gi
        cpu: "8"
      limits: <5>
        memory: 64Gi
        cpu: "12"
    jvmOptions: <6>
      -Xms: 8192m
      -Xmx: 8192m
    listeners: <7>
      tls: <8>
        authentication:<9>
          type: tls
      external: <10>
        type: route
        authentication:
          type: tls
    authorization: <11>
      type: simple
    config: <12>
      auto.create.topics.enable: "false"
      offsets.topic.replication.factor: 3
      transaction.state.log.replication.factor: 3
      transaction.state.log.min.isr: 2
    storage: <13>
      type: persistent-claim <14>
      size: 10000Gi <15>
    rack:
      topologyKey: failure-domain.beta.kubernetes.io/zone
    metrics: <16>
      lowercaseOutputName: true
      rules: <17>
      # Special cases and very specific rules

>       - pattern : kafka.server<type=(.+), name=(.+), clientId=(.+), topic=(.+), partition=(.*)><>Value

Reviewer: Note because of `subs="+quotes..."` above the * in the regex here means we render some of this as bold.

        name: "zookeeper_$2"
      - pattern: "org.apache.ZooKeeperService<name0=ReplicatedServer_id(\\d+), name1=replica.(\\d+)><>(\\w+)"
        name: "zookeeper_$3"
        labels:
          replicaId: "$2"
      - pattern: "org.apache.ZooKeeperService<name0=ReplicatedServer_id(\\d+), name1=replica.(\\d+), name2=(\\w+)><>(\\w+)"
        name: "zookeeper_$4"
        labels:
          replicaId: "$2"
          memberType: "$3"
        # ...
      # standalone Zookeeper
      - pattern: "org.apache.ZooKeeperService<name0=StandaloneServer_port(\\d+)><>(\\w+)"
        name: "zookeeper_$2"
      - pattern: "org.apache.ZooKeeperService<name0=StandaloneServer_port(\\d+), name1=(InMemoryDataTree)><>(\\w+)"
        name: "zookeeper_$2_$3"
  entityOperator: <19>
    topicOperator:
      resources:
        requests:
          memory: 512Mi
          cpu: "1"
        limits:
          memory: 512Mi
          cpu: "1"
    userOperator:
      resources:
        requests:
          memory: 512Mi
          cpu: "1"
        limits:
          memory: 512Mi
          cpu: "1"
----

<1> Replicas xref:assembly-kafka-broker-replicas-{context}[specifies the number of broker nodes].

> <2> Kafka version, xref:assembly-upgrade-str[which can be upgraded with no downtime].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Kafka version, xref:assembly-upgrade-str[which can be changed by following the upgrade procedure].
```

> <3> Resources requests xref:ref-resource-limits-and-requests-{context}[specify the resources to reserve for a given container].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Resource requests xref:ref-resource-limits-and-requests-{context}[specify the resources to reserve for a given container].
```

> <4> Resources can include `CPU` and `memory`. If there are not enough free resources, the pod is not scheduled.

Reviewer: I don't think this adds much, the link above to the doc about resource requests is sufficient imho.

<5> Resources limits specify the maximum resources that can be consumed by a container.

> <6> JVM options xref:ref-jvm-options-{context}[specify the minimum (`-Xms`) and maximum (`-Xmx`) memory allocation for JVM].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> JVM options can xref:ref-jvm-options-{context}[specify the minimum (`-Xms`) and maximum (`-Xmx`) memory allocation for JVM].
```

There are other JVM options, and we will likely add more in the future.

> <7> Listeners specify the current Kafka bootstrap addresses by type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> Listeners configure how clients connect to the Kafka cluster via bootstrap addresses.
```

> <8> Listeners are xref:assembly-configuring-kafka-broker-listeners-{context}[configured as `plain` (without encryption), `tls` or `external`].

Reviewer: merge with <7>

<9> Listener authentication mechanisms may be configured for each listener, and xref:assembly-kafka-broker-listener-authentication-{context}[specified as mutual TLS or SCRAM-SHA].

> <10> External listener configuration specifies xref:assembly-kafka-broker-external-listeners-{context}[how the Kafka cluster is exposed outside the environment, such as through a `route`, `loadbalancer` or `nodeport`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<10> External listener configuration specifies xref:assembly-kafka-broker-external-listeners-{context}[how the Kafka cluster is exposed outside {ProductPlatformName}, such as through a `route`, `loadbalancer` or `nodeport`].
```
